I always belive teams can do great things when set in right direction.
These are my adaption after have seen different management style in the works.
Start with understanding the inviduals and their interest and skills.
Adhere to process event loop to meet and collaborate with people and projects.
Periodic reviews and construtive feedback acceralate the growth and the outcome over the time.
Mapping the tasks, setting the right course, access to everyone, availble for guidence and set example by showing the leadership.

There was an regular review with my reportee, and i had to deliver the feedback received from client team tasks being handled.
So i had started with whats working and the value it has given to the team.
Explained the importance of the requirement of the client and its impact in the overall system.
Discussed on what went wrong and how it can be improved and what tools or resources needed to acheive that better.
Worked with the reportee to come up with action plan to course correct. That was well received and improved the process in place.

Integer to Roman:
Roman numerals are denoted with certain English character Such as I, X, L, C, D, M.  
And the Rules are,
    Starts with letter I and sequence will be incrementing by adding the letter.
    Same letter cannot be appear more than 3 times
    Smaller letter can be placed before greater number to represent the sequence.
    Smaller letter can be placed after greater number to represent the sequence.
    Romen system always starts from left to right to decode.
So i came up with an dictionary to have the key as letters and value as its numerical value.
Also the one off where rule 2 will be impacting the sequence and added as key value pair. 
Dictionary has been reversed So that we can assign letter from left to right of the number.
program will be in for loop to check given number recursively from greater number to smaller number. 
    if number - value of each dict value. 


Integer to Roman Explanation: 

Roman numerals also same as base ten decimal system but represented in symbol. 

I = 1,V = 5,X = 10,L = 50,C = 100,D = 500,M = 1000

Roman numerals represented from left to right in the number system. 
Smallest can be represent is 1 and the largest is 3999. 
Roman letters are used with addition notation and few cases of substration notation. 

So i came up with dictionary to have the decimal representation of symbol and value. 
decimal_dict = {'I':1, 'IV':4, 'V':5, 'IX':9, 'X':10, 'XL':40, 'L':50, 
                        'XC':90, 'C':100, 'CD':400, 'D':500, 'CM':900, 'M':1000 }
Do the intital check of the range 1 to 3999. 
Now the program will loop though from large decimal places to smaller decimal places. 
    process from left to right of the given number so we can find the closest representation of symbol
        do it until it ended with right most digit and keep appending the symbol to the result string variable. 

Result is roman representation. 
